Good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
I have some things on my heart.
I want to talk about what I saw because I talked about it in the video, and then I started praying.
The Lord showed me the attacks on those three cities.
When I kept praying over it, He said, "There is more, but I will reveal this to you as you pray and as we pray together.
" He gave me a little piece of a puzzle yesterday.
This is serious.
I saw that people clicked out at 11 minutes; you didn't even hear where the cities were unless you saw it in the comment section below.
That's fine.
I'm not here to take your time; I'm here to instruct you on what the Holy Spirit tells me we need to pray about.
If you feel led to pray with me, fine; if you don't, fine.
Go pray with somebody else, but whatever you do, pray.
We have work to do.
The city was New Orleans.
It was interesting because I only saw one individual in New Orleans.
Whenever it spread, the New Orleans thing was not as hot.
I want to say the point in the vision was not as intense to be concerned about as much as what I saw in Nashville, Tennessee.
Whenever I saw Nashville, Tennessee and was interceding for it, it was very strong.
From the Holy Spirit, it's not just something; it's a Holy Spirit check.
It's like there's something there.
Then I saw a major event taking place in Nashville.
Then I saw Las Vegas.
What I thought was really interesting was it was all Middle Eastern men—terrorist, Al-Qaeda type people, like ISIS.
They were attacking areas they thought were unholy, places where they thought the infidels were—places of sin, a bar, getting drunk, dancing, or being immoral.
New Orleans—Bourbon Street is very bad.
I've never been to Nashville or Las Vegas.
I went on a cruise out of New Orleans before and walked around down there, and it was awful.
It stunk like vomit.
I thought I'd never go back there.
The food was good; I enjoyed the food.
The crawfish etouffee was the bomb.
I still can remember that—the gumbo was phenomenal.
And the beignets—Brandon, stop it!
The beignets and the coffee make my mouth water.
Those people are gifted at cooking.
Seriously, Tennessee—I've never been there before, so I don't know the bar scene.
All I was shown in the visions were those bar lights on the signs and windows.
In the vision, people were being hurt in those visions from mass shootings in those areas because of the bars; I was seeing honky-tonk dancing and stuff.
Then I saw people in Las Vegas on the Strip and things happening there.
The Lord showed me this is a planned thing that would happen at the same time.
It was a multi-event that would happen all in one night, like a boom-boom-boom.
It was like a call to do it all at the same time.
That's something we'll pray over today.
I didn't get to pray over it a lot last time I brought it up.
I probably shouldn't have even brought it up after the prayer because people didn't follow through and we didn't really pray over it that much.
But today, that's an assignment.
I just thought it was interesting because the Lord told me there's more to this.
He gives a little bit more as you continue to be obedient to the task of prayer.
It's like when He gave me the stuff about praying for Ted, Pennsylvania, and Arizona.
He showed me the people behind the tables filling in the things and being promised asylum.
asylum is basically saying they would be sovereign citizens of the United States of America.
I am given these assignments, and the Lord tells me about the Senate, what's coming, and these attacks.
Our job is to pray.
I was looking for scripture to have you all stand with me.
A really good scripture to read is Ezekiel 22:30, but you can go back up to the 29th verse: "The people of the land have practiced oppression and extortion and have committed robbery; they have wronged the poor and the needy, and they have oppressed the stranger without justice.
" This is verse 30: "I searched for a man among them who would build up the wall, a watchman on the wall, and stand in the gap before me for the sake of the land that I would not destroy it, but I found no one, not even one.
" That is so powerful.
But does He find intercessors, people standing on the wall watching for America?
Yes, He does.
There are thousands of you tuning in every day interceding.
We are those people Jesus had in Ezekiel.
He was looking for someone for that city and country to stand in the gap because of all these people doing injustice.
He has found one with you today, and we will stand in the gap for America.
Just like He said to me, "Brandon, who will stand in the gap for America?
Who will intercede for America?
" When I saw the great python coming out of the water of the Gulf of Mexico and wrapping around this nation and pulling tight, trying to suffocate it, He asked who would intercede when that Antichrist spirit was coming from the East to try to take over the land with that great storm.
Thank God for Ezekiel.
You can read that over and over again because it motivates you.
He said, "But I found no one, not even one.
" So He found us.
Every single one of you tuning in every day and agreeing with me is standing in the gap for America.
We take our place with Him.
We are the ones standing and watching on the wall.
The Lord brings stuff to us, and He's telling me to bring it to you to stand for no casualties.
He doesn't tell us so it happens; He tells us so we can stop it.
People say, "Well, you missed it on this and that," but no, we prayed.
The job of this channel is to intercede for the lost and the people who are going to get hurt who don't hear Him.
I was looking for someone who would stand in the gap for Him.
Does God care about all this stuff?
Yes, He cares about Asia, Mexico, Canada, Africa—He cares about everybody.
But it takes people being a watchman on the wall to stand in the gap for the land and say, "Satan, thus far and no further.
You are not going to keep running through here and causing havoc.
We have authority over you and all the devices you try to use.
" We stand in the gap for America.
We're going to believe God today as we take our communion and humble ourselves.
"If My people who are called by My name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then we would hear from heaven and He would heal our land.
" He's going to heal the land.
I believe with all my heart that God is not done with your nation yet.
This channel is for America; that's my job.
This is where I live.
Whether you believe that or not is between you and God.
I know what He told me.
You can pray for your nation, and I pray for you too, but right now my assignment is to pray for America.
We have elections a week from Tuesday and a lot of work to do in the spirit realm still.
We're going to take communion and believe God together.
We take this body and the blood, and we apply the blood with the oil to our house.
We believe He has a plan for us—one last call, one last push, and a major harvest of souls.
We can't stop some of this stuff; there's going to be some things happening.
Stick around; I'm sure others will catch on.
Take this body with me and drink.
We're going to believe God for a turnaround of the politicians, that we will stop abortions and the sacrifice of innocent lives.
Their blood is crying out from the grave for justice.
We stand in the gap for the unborn and for laws that govern correctly toward babies.
In my house, we stand for the unborn so they have a voice and will be able to have life.
This is a demonic attack.
We need godly politicians.
That's why we need Ted Cruz; he stands for the unborn.
We want many men and women in the Senate and House of Representatives who stand for the unborn and for the First Amendment.
They won't take away your First Amendment rights because they want to take away your Second Amendment rights in America so you don't have the right to bear arms or public speech to say 'Jesus is Lord.
' If they can oppress one thing, they'll start to oppress the others.
It's the devils behind them.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities and powers, spiritual wickedness in high places.
We're not wrestling against Democrats; we're wrestling against what they yield to—demonic spirits.
The devil came to me and said, "If you bow your knee to me and serve me, Brandon, I'll give you anything you've ever wanted.
" He painted all the wealth of the world before me if I worshiped and served him and gave my soul over to him.
He promised me billions.
If he did it to a janitor and knew my potential because he can see it in the spirit realm, trust me, he's appeared before them.
Every one of us has marks on us, on our hips, like seals that show the class of what you're called to do.
Every single hip had it.
I haven't seen that in the Bible, so I don't talk about it much, but we all have a different mark on our hips of different colors—purple, brown, gold, or silver.
It tells the rank of what you're called to do.
It's how they distinguish us, and you'll see it when you go home.
Some politicians take the bait, and he gives them power and money.
They get all the favor, but it's demonic favor.
There's an anointing of the demonic just like there's an anointing of the Holy Spirit.
He mocks and tries to imitate everything the Father does because he was jealous and wanted His position.
He's a loser, but he tries to do the same things—mock the anointing and the presence in his demonic way.
These politicians were told a bill of goods and believed it, and now they have to perform—kill babies and make bad laws.
They are bound and need Jesus to set them free.
Let's pray today and intercede for America.
I'm not going to pray much in English today; I pray in tongues and seek Him in tongues.
It is according to Acts chapter 2.
I can bring in all the verses on why I believe in tongues and how I pray in tongues.
It's my heavenly language coming right out of my spirit.
I believe with all my heart it is a perfect prayer.
My spirit speaks forth a perfect prayer because my spirit knows what to pray.
That's where a lot of these visions and things I get come from.
The Holy Spirit guides you and shows you things to come, like the guns we stopped last week at Coachella.
We take this body right now in the name of Jesus and thank You, Lord, that You were broken for us.
By Your stripes, we are healed.
We make much of the blood of Jesus over our heads down to our feet, over every organ—kidneys, livers, stomachs, spleens, hearts, throats, thyroids, brains, ears, and eyes.
If we confess our sins, You're faithful and just to forgive us and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
We take the blood and the body in remembrance of Him.
My throat is getting better and better in Jesus' name.
Holy Spirit, we thank You that You pray through us.
Without You, I am nothing.
We're thirsty, Lord; we need more today.
If there's anything the devil has plotted, expose it right now and show us how to pray against it.
I'm believing for a million prayer people—a million-person army on YouTube to pray with me daily.
I saw a great army coming out of Seoul, Korea to pray—people who will intercede and stand in the gap for the world.
We're going to have a lot of Asians starting to join.
We're going to pray for Asia.
There's going to be a turnaround in China, Asia, South Korea, Japan, Vietnam, and the Philippines.
A great harvest is coming to your land.
We will see these men and women come to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Satan is taking his hands off them.
We will have that in Africa, Europe, and the Middle East.
There will be a move of God like this world has never seen.
Let the anointing of intercessory prayer fall on you now.
Let all things that are hidden be revealed.
We call forth the things hidden concerning terrorist activities to be exposed in the name of Jesus.
I thank You that these little cells in apartments are exposed so that law enforcement will find them.
Someone will snitch or notice unusual activity.
We pray over Ted Cruz and this Senate race.
We say there is a turnaround in the Republican race.
It will not go blue; it will go red.
We call forth a flood of voters this next week to bring their ballots and vote righteously.
I call for an exposing of all illegal ballots.
I thank You, Lord, that people have a heart toward the unborn and for the lost.
You would raise up people and show them they're called to the kingdom for such a time as this.
I thank You that all hidden things be revealed in the states of Nevada, New Mexico, Arizona, California, and all the bordering states.
We pray over Colorado, Utah, Wyoming, Oregon, Washington, Idaho, and Montana.
We call forth a great turnaround even over Alaska.
We thank You, Lord, for North Dakota and Minnesota.
We call forth Minnesota to turn red in the name of Jesus.
Things are subject to change.
We're calling for a Red Wave in Minnesota.
I pray over a Red Wave over Illinois, Michigan, and Ohio.
The swing states will rise up and be red.
Over Pennsylvania, there will be a Red Wave going through Boston, Massachusetts, Maine, Rhode Island, and Connecticut.
All hidden things will be revealed.
Even in the District of Columbia, it would turn red and be a shock to them.
People have had enough of the ungodliness and the incompetence.
The Afghanistan debacle and all the things we have seen in the last four years are horrendous.
Even if you're ungodly, you should say this is enough—enough with the foolishness and the Alzheimer's stuff, not having a leader who is able to lead the nation.
We thank You, Lord, that there is a covering over this nation again that we would be strong.
Enough with all this confusion.
There will be leadership again.
Thank You that the foreign policies will be strong again.
Donald Trump will win by a landslide.
This will be a turning point.
We call those things that be not as though they were.
We pray for our leadership and for prosperity over Your people.
We're not intimidated by being a light in the darkness.
I thank You that the young people would have a revival in schools and colleges.
There would be a major move of Your presence in America again, with churches preaching repentance and holiness instead of a lukewarm gospel.
I've seen things that are hard, but I will not participate in them.
I am awake.
We are here to pray.
We pray over the Yankees game tomorrow in Yankee Stadium.
You showed me they will go to the World Series.
We have to pray protection over Yankee Stadium on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
We believe there will be no terrorist attacks with drones.
Law enforcement will be watchful.
You protect every player and bystander.
What the devil meant for bad will be exposed.
Thank You for Your angels and divine protection over this nation.
We call for Asia to have a major move of Your Spirit.
I thank You, Lord, for the two-million-man march in Seoul, Korea to pray today.
Seoul, Korea will have a move of God again, a major harvest like it was with Dr.
Cho.
South Korea will be for God one more time.
We call for the people of South Korea to be blessed and filled with the Holy Spirit.
In Asia, we pray for a mighty harvest.
When they lay hands on the sick, they will recover.
Over Africa, there will be a great move.
The continent of Africa will be saved in Jesus' name.
We will not have a movement of Islam; Christians will rise up.
Protect our brothers and sisters over there and give them wisdom.
They will not back down or bow their knee to Baal.
Over the Middle East, we pray over Egypt and every place.
We take our seats in our place of authority and thank You, Lord, that the devil is under our feet.
We thank You for restful rest and peace in our homes.
We finish 2024 strong.
2024 is almost over, and we finish with victory, pressing onward to what God has for us.
We believe for more in 2024.
Your mercy endures forever.
We worship You for another day to worship You.
Thank You that we have authority and that the devil cannot steal from us.
We call forth peace over Seoul, Korea.
We worship You today and give You all the glory.
Amen.
I appreciate you praying with me today.
Jesus is the Healer.
If you've never been to the channel before, click the like and subscribe buttons.
I'll never ask you for anything or private message you for crypto or money.
Don't fall victim to that; it's not me.
I'm not going to call you and give you a prophetic word.
These people are trying to steal money.
I had to say that because these relentless people are stealing my stuff.
We'll be back tomorrow, and I'll try to get Dianne on here with me to share her testimony.
Click the notification bell.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we love you.
We intercede for your finances and for God to do something big.
It's exciting to see what the Lord is doing through this channel.
I'm believing for a million-person prayer army.
Think about what that is to the kingdom of darkness—knocking the devil in the teeth.
He flees in terror.
God bless you all, and we will see you tomorrow.
Bye-bye.